feat: add crac service helm chart (#3067)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.31.0
------

> Renku ``0.31.0`` introduces the compute resource control (CRC) service. This feature enables Renku administrators to manage the users' access to specific computing resources. The service exposes an HTTP API for the administrators to interact with. In this way, Renku administrators can create, update or delete resource pools, and can add or remove users to resource pools. Thus, this release includes new features in Renku individual components related to the compute resource service, and supports common R file extensions.

Reviewer: This should also say something about what it means for users, i.e that they will from now on need to select a resource class not individually select compute requirements.

Author: I expanded the description to mention this.

> Renku ``0.31.0`` introduces the compute resource control (CRC) service. This feature enables Renku administrators to manage the users' access to specific computing resources. The service exposes an HTTP API for the administrators to interact with. In this way, Renku administrators can create, update or delete resource pools, and can add or remove users to resource pools. Thus, this release includes new features in Renku individual components related to the compute resource service, and supports common R file extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.31.0`` introduces the compute resource control (CRC) service, enabling Renku administrators to manage access to specific computing resources. The service exposes an HTTP API for the administrators to interact with. In this way, Renku administrators can create, update or delete resource pools, and can add to or remove users from resource pools. 

Apart from the changes needed to support compute resource access features, support has also been added for common R file extensions.
```

.. _changelog:

0.31.0
------

> Renku ``0.31.0`` introduces the compute resource control (CRC) service and supporting or related changes in 

Reviewer: Can we have a clear statement here about what this is for and what it enables?

Reviewer 2: I have just proposed one.

.. _changelog:

0.31.0
------

Renku ``0.31.0`` introduces the compute resource control (CRC) service, enabling Renku administrators to manage access to 
specific computing resources. The service exposes an HTTP API for the administrators to interact with. In this way, 
Renku administrators can create, update or delete resource pools, and can add to or remove users from resource pools. 

> Please note that a user interface for the CRC has not been added yet but it will be added in a future release. Currently,

Author: I think that administrators especially the ones deploying or updating to a new version of Renku are most likely to read the changelog in the repo or the docs. At least from my experience helping admins deploy Renku I have heard complaints specifically because the release notes excluded information or were too brief. Currently we have no other place to include this information as far as I know. So I think we should definitely include this here.

> Please note that a user interface for the CRC has not been added yet but it will be added in a future release. Currently,

Author: Alternatively we can make another changelog of section of the docs for this information specifically tailored for admins. But I am not sure it is worth the effort and it will only scatter information that I think belongs together.
